I think you should be prepared to go to college and I don't think I was
very well prepared college I had very few instructors who drove me
to do the kinds of work I was able to do I think to some degree a lot
of the instructors I had a high school weren't aware of the kind
of work I could do, so I think it's kind of difficult to say what you
need to do to get ready to go to college but I think the most important
thing is you have to learn to think not just regurgitate what
you've been told, but think and analyze think and analyze argue it out
with your friends take a position that you don't even like and see
if you can convince them your position is correct and learn to write
an articulate your ideas.